So, now, I'm doing this because last year I had written instructions and you may, I forgot
to delete a sentence in the rubric I said that's, or the lab guide that said I'd have
written instructions.
But last year it was just very difficult to get across the nuances of what I want you
to understand because QA, although it's not more difficult, there's more things that are
creative.
It's more about you thinking.
The guys that are doing the QC, it's pretty straightforward.
Okay, they're just looking at one document, they're seeing that the document has got typos,
it's got inconsistencies, it's got omissions, that type of thing, okay?
So it's really easy.
But you guys, it's more a case of thinking, which I know you know how to do.
I know you know how to think.
Okay, so, the idea is that you are at the behest of another company.
So you all represent individual companies.
There's only one of you, it doesn't need a QA team.
And in fact, a QA team would make this more unworkable.
So in practice, they have larger teams for the work products and they have smaller teams
for the process.
Because actually, there's a consistency problem that will immediately be lost over a process,
whereas if one guy does it, or one girl, so if one person does it, then they sort of remember
where they are, they make sure everything is going, going, going, okay?
So that's why there's just one of you.
So don't ask for two, just stick with the one.
That's the way you have to do it because I think it's best.
Okay, now, so you're at the behest of a company.
A company is paying you.
So you are going to audit them.
You are not allowed to audit another company using the money that has been sent to you
by the customer.
So the RE process is what you're supposed to be auditing.
The RE process has four major methods, eliciting, analysis, specifying, and validating.
Four different methods.
So do you do them all?
Right.
Which one do you not do?
Right, because that's from a different company from what's paying you.
So that's the number one lesson I want to make sure you take away, even though, I mean,
it may seem simple when I tell you, but you still have to know this.
So you're only doing analysis, specifying, and validating.
Now with validating, you're obviously you're doing your customer, which is the left-hand
side of that list.
The list on the far right where it says P2, the left-hand side is your customer.
So who's your customer?
Right.
So the idea is that you have to now be synced in with me.
Customers are on the left, you are the right.
Now with respect to the customer, actually it's very simple, right?
The customer has the documents and does all the process.
But there's something not quite accurate about that statement I just gave you.
Because the validating is actually a shared process.
It's being done by your QC.
So not only do you have to have the customer as part of your QA for the validating, you
also have to have your QA team.
Sorry, sorry, QC team.
Okay?
So no eliciting, analysis and specifying purely with the customer.
And then for the validating, part of it is with the customer and part of it is with the
QC.
So are we okay so far?
So the QC is not on that.
They're not there.
So it's like, for example, because I'm 1684, so they're requesting our company to like
QC.
That's the lower, that's the last row on the column, right?
Yeah, you're quite correct.
You have requested 0602.
Where's 0602?
So you've requested them to do your company.
But you are no longer that company.
You are a separate company now.
You are a QA company.
So for the next two weeks, forget about everything else.
You're just the QA company.
So if when we get later on into the discussion here, you have to visit your customer company,
you have to figure it out from this.
Okay?
So we can actually go case by case if you want.
But for now, just believe that you are a QA company.
So the QC company is entirely different from you.
So you both have separate profiles.
Okay?
It's very unusual that they'd be in the same company.
So because the job is so different.
So you, QA, the rest of your teammates QC, and then your customer is on the left-hand
side.
You're on the right.
So I always talk about you as being on the right, so customer is on the left.
Now with that out of the circle, remember that when I talk about customer and vendor.
You are the vendors.
So let's start with analysis.
So you're looking at a process.
What does that mean?
When you're looking at a process?
Obviously, there's start.
There's flow.
There's transition to the next stage or the next method.
Then there's start, flow.
Then there's transition, start, flow, and then eventually it ends.
Okay?
So that's the process.
So start, flow, stop, and transition.
Start, flow, stop, and transition.
Okay?
Now let's look at analyzing.
So where does the process start?
What happens?
Bring the BCIC out.
BCIC is part of the analyzing.
It's the major, if you like, method within a method or methods within a method.
So yes, that's what I'm talking about.
It's analyzing, right?
So where are you going to start?
You're looking at the process.
What are you going to start to look at?
Ah, good.
Okay, now let's talk about the PS.
Okay, we said you're not going to be looking at the eliciting process, right?
But anything that's referenced in any one of the methods that you are looking at is
fair game for you.
Is.
So because the PS is referenced in the analyzing, you may look at it.
So when you're looking at the PS and it's a reference, what do you just -- what are
you looking for?
What do you think?
What are you looking for?
Okay, I think the first part of what you said was right.
The second part, no, you don't look for ambiguity.
And I think -- I'm going to transpose what I think you said.
Okay, basically you just need to see that the guys that reference the PS have a copy
of it.
Now in any process, you can't trust anything.
Just because they say they looked at it doesn't mean they actually looked at it.
You are verifying they looked at it.
Now you obviously cannot check every single hour of the day to see if they read it.
But what you can do is at least ensure they have a copy.
They must have it in their hot little hands.
Or where else could it be?
Repo.
So that brings up another thing you're going to look at in the analysis.
You're going to look at the repo.
So for the PS, yes, check they have it.
Now there was some groups that didn't put it in the repo.
Some.
So how do you check that they have it?
Say again?
No, let's say they don't have it in the repo.
Let's say you've looked at it.
Yes, exactly.
It's that simple.
It's that simple.
Ask them if they've got it.
And if they don't show it to you, then you say we asked and they didn't show it.
However, what is the mechanism or the technique that you're doing when you ask them?
What kind of technique would you use?
It's from eliciting.
What are the types of techniques you use in eliciting?
Interviews.
Focus groups.
So those are the two main things that you can use as your technique to ask the customer.
If you have them all there, the customer team, and you say, "Do you have it?"
Someone's going to say, "Yeah, I got it on my computer."
Great.
So then you just ask to see it.
But if it's an interview, you have to believe that person has it in the first place.
So you can see how different techniques will give you the different answer on how you're
going to do your report.
But the key is don't trust anything.
You have to see.
You have to believe because you've seen.
So that's great.
That's good.
Fantastic.
So part of your job then could be to schedule interviews or focus groups or whatever with
the customer.
That's also part of your process for things that you cannot verify upfront.
So we've gone through a lot of things now.
We've gone through the PS.
We've gone through the repo.
We've gone through the idea that there may be documents that are not there.
So how do you try and validate them?
But let's say it's something where they say, "I deleted it by accident."
What do you do then?
Unfortunately that doesn't work because if they do it after the fact, then you're not
getting as much, I guess you could say confidence that they aren't tricking you.
What do I ask for in your reports upfront that tell me something about your honesty?
Declaration.
Exactly.
So if you come to the point where there's something you want, they say, "We did have
it but we lost it," or something like that, then you ask for a declaration.
Now a declaration is not perfect as a form of evidence, but it is a legal thing.
And so if they sign something and it's untruthful, it has to say what the declaration is all
about.
That's why when I...
I think some of you, I said your declarations weren't good enough or you needed to sign
them because it's a legal way of saying, "I really am earnest and I honestly lost it,
but we did have it and we honestly used it."
So that's why you do a declaration.
It's for that at least halfway evidence.
So there's a couple of things.
Now you know what you have to do in a couple of things.
You should be remembering these because I'm going to ask you about the thing called a
checklist.
Now you've done analyzing, I think, pretty well.
What are some other things you might want to look at in the analyzing?
Things that could be problematic?
And maybe on your analyzing report, I said you were missing something.
Yes but that's probably more for the SRS.
So we're still in the analyzing phase.
Louder?
No, I don't think that's...
But it's not really that but sort of related to that idea.
The caring for of diagram.
Say again?
The caring for of diagram.
Yes.
Okay so did you all hear him?
Go ahead.
The caring for of diagram.
Remember you had models in the PS, right?
And then remember I was telling you I'm going to look to see that it's carried into analyzing.
You must revise it.
So there's actually two things here.
The first thing is that you did carry it over.
So you have to check.
You have to say to them, "I saw in the PS there was models but you haven't carried them forward.
Can you prove that you did carry them forward?"
Because it should be in the repo, right?
But the second thing you have to check for with respect to models is did they revise
them?
Now if they did revise them then they must show proof that they've got...
And this is how I look for this in your repos.
I looked for the original and the revised separately.
And I might have even told some of you that you didn't say this was revised so I don't
know what you've done with them.
I don't know whether this is a mistake or not.
So not only carried forward but were they revised?
The process in analyzing says you should, right?
Because generally the customer is not that good at models, right?
And there's usually also old models.
For instance I think you remember I told you that the customer doesn't like to draw a
model so essentially they use what's existing and then they just throw it in their PS and
say this is what we want.
But you guys are not expected to just take them at their word.
You as the vendors, not the QA, you guys as the vendors should check it out to make sure
that those models aren't that correct.
A few of your use cases weren't that good so I think you should have changed them.
So the revision is also important.
So you should be able to see both copies in somewhere, either in the repo or in the analyzing
report or something, okay?
So you can see there's a lot more to the process but it's not hard.
It's just you have to think about it.
You have to just be suspicious.
Anything else that you think maybe in analyzing is worthwhile checking up on?
Okay, good.
So basically the idea of the revision of requirements is also something you should just make sure
that is done.
It's really unthinkable that that wouldn't have been done because if you look at the
now going to codification, if you look at the stuff in your PS, how many of you didn't
actually codify anything in the PS?
There was about half of you that didn't.
That's a mistake.
It should have been codified when it went into the repo.
So that's another thing you should look for, okay?
So are we finished analyzing?
You think that's okay?
Is that enough?
Anything else you can come up with that you think we should check or you want to just
ask if we should check?
Then you all fail.
There's one last thing there.
What was in breakdown?
Yes.
So you have to check that.
If they say they used an IRC, but when you look at the documentation you can't find
it anywhere or it's in the middle of the report, which it shouldn't be there in the first place
really, but if it's in the middle of the report and it's like over two or three pages, is
that useful?
Can you actually take that out and then give it to all the team members and have them fill
it in?
Because that's what they have to do, right?
Once they've checked something they have to fill it in.
They have to say, "Yes, I checked that."
So as far as the IRC is concerned, you want to check that it's there first of all, and
secondly you have to check that it was used.
So they should, by all rights, and I don't know whether you guys did this or not when
you were vendors, but from all rights you should have actually had a real live IRC and
you honestly should have gone through your part of whatever the PSU had been told you
were going to do, and then you should have checked things off, whatever the IRC had actually...
Because my IRC was on one page, one slide, you could have pulled that off, you could
have used that as it was, or you could have made your own IRC or something, but that's
what you're looking for, that not only did they make it, but that they used it.
Now there's something else.
One more thing.
Actually I gave it away when I was talking about the IRC.
One more thing.
I have done this for most of the methods.
I said that you have to do something very, very first, the very first thing you have
to do on almost all the methods.
I might have forgotten it, but I definitely didn't forget it for validating.
What's the first thing you should do?
Let's consider the IRC to be the second thing you do.
So what's the first thing you do?
Close, close.
The project scope is part of it.
So how do you use the scope to help you do the work?
The checklist is for doing details of the work, but before you do the checklist you
have to actually have a, begins with a P. How about next letter L?
No, no, no.
You've got some work you have to do, right?
So you just dive in, you know exactly what you're going to do at which time and you're
going to be following this and this.
Is that the way it really works?
So what do you do beforehand?
You plan it.
So do they have a plan for the analyzing?
Do they have a checklist for analyzing?
Have they done the analyzing and what is the end result?
So for the plan it should be written down, but it may not be.
So what would be the, what would you want to do if you found out that, well okay, okay
you guys know this already.
I'm sure that you guys had a task list.
I'm sure that all of your groups, they said somehow either verbally or on chat, they said
okay you're going to do this part of the PS, you're going to do this part, you're going
to do this part, right?
You guys had something like that, right?
That's a plan, right?
So was it done verbally or was it done on chat or was it done in a physical document
for your teams when you did this?
If it was a physical document it would be simple, right?
Verbal, okay that's a bit of a problem.
Declaration time.
How many of you did it on chat?
But it was a start, right?
That's good.
That's good.
What do you need to do then for your QA that they have a plan?
Print on the chat.
Yeah.
So this is what I'm trying to say.
It's not so hard to figure this out.
It's just the creativeness on how to get the evidence from it.
Now it's not perfect but okay so they had a semi plan.
Remember you're not necessarily looking at the quality or the goodness or the integrity
of what they've done.
What you're looking for is the completeness of the flow.
So as long as the flow is complete meaning that against a policy document or against
some kind of instruction that is comprehensive across the whole business that this workflow
has gone according to an honest effort.
That's what you're looking for, an honest effort.
So yeah so your text, fine.
That's okay.
Now can you get to the text?
Probably, so just make a shot of it.
Now let's say you've got a shot of this text.
How do you include it in your report?
This will apply to anything where you've had, it's an external element and then you made
a copy and you want to put it in your report.
Anything.
So how do you do that?
Almost, not quite.
Say again?
Reference.
Okay, almost but not quite.
So what's in between?
Even the letters are in between.
An annex.
An annex is a copy, a physical copy of some document.
So the document has to be a standalone external thing.
Like for instance the copy, the history of a chat.
That's a standalone document, right?
It doesn't go into anything else, right?
Let's say you have a standards like ISO whatever, whatever.
So that's a standalone document, right?
But instead of referencing it from the point of view of the document, I reference our chats
on WhatsApp.
Instead of doing it that way where you force the person to look through all of the WhatsApp
chats before he comes to the one that you were thinking of, all you do is you make a
copy of that particular thing and put it into the annex of the document.
Annexes I explained in the glossary so just check it.
Annexes are numbers and appendices are letters.
So annex one, annex two, annex three, etc.
So exactly the same format except just different spelling.
This applies to anything, any of your evidence including your declarations.
If your declarations are done as a standalone thing because they're not really part of a
report, they're not detailed in a report, then just include them as an annex.
Now if you were doing a legal document just to make sure because you might have heard
this word, you know like when you see these courtroom dramas and then they say I want
to see exhibit five.
So actually if this was a legal document, if your report was legal, you'd call them
exhibits.
But because this is not legal, you can call them annexes.
So annex and that applies all across the board to any of the processes.
Now I think we're finished with analyzing.
Okay so let's go to specifying.
So how do we start?
What's the start of specifying?
Yes, so you want to check on that.
So most of you have that in the SRS.
Most usually there's a reference, so you just want to take a quick look to see that that
was done because it's part of the process, the template.
What's next?
So you want to check on that.
Okay, requirements.
So with respect to requirements, you won't be looking at the idea that the requirements
are good, okay?
That's not your job.
You just want to know something about the requirements and what is that something?
Not its goodness.
No, no, not anything to do with its goodness, nothing like that.
Say again?
Okay, that wasn't quite the way I would have put it.
I'm not exactly sure what you mean.
Is it detail?
No, no, not that.
You just want to know where it came from.
So you just need to check the repo.
So just to check to make sure those requirements that are there have all been brought over
into the thing.
So you don't check for the goodness, you don't check whether it's a shall or anything like
that.
You just say, okay, there was 50 requirements in the repo.
There's only 45 in the SRS.
Uh-oh, five are missing.
Okay, the problem with that is that you're then starting to get involved with the document
itself in terms of its goodness, whereas if you're just checking that everything was taken
over from the repo to the requirements, that's no different than checking that all the models
that are in the PS have come through.
So as long as it's part of the process, but to jump to the IRTM, isn't it the same as
the checklist?
Right?
Isn't it the same as the checklist, the IRC?
How so?
Say again?
I'm not quite sure what you mean.
I mean, the IRTM itself is more than just the fact it's carried over.
If there's anything missing, then the guys that are doing QC have to check for that.
But what is the point about the IRTM?
It's supposed to be something that you can take out and use somewhere else, right?
Say again?
No, no, not if it's realistic.
That'll again be the QC.
So the only thing you need to check is whether it is a file or whether it can be made into
a file quickly, because the IRTM is supposed to...
Yes, it traces.
It's inceptive.
Remember I means inceptive.
You said it can be made into a file, so we're expecting the thing itself to be in one page
and not like linked into another page.
Right.
Now, if that's impossible because it's such a long document, then at least you could have
pages that are all in the same annex or appendix.
And then what would happen is you would have to withdraw them out and make a database file
from that.
Now if...
Right now everybody gave their SRSs on PDF, right?
Okay.
So where did the PDF come from?
How many of you have PDF editors?
None of you.
So where did the PDF come from?
Word document or Excel, right?
That's what you want to look for.
You want to see that word document and you just want to see that the table in Word goes
from this point to this point contiguously.
Did any of you actually get involved in that part of your SRS?
Any of you here actually get involved with that part?
You drew up the IRTM.
Then am I telling you the right thing here?
My IRTM is one of the Excel files.
Oh, okay.
Okay, so if it's a separate file, that's great.
That's perfect.
Just find it.
Exactly like with the PS, just find it.
Okay?
So the PDF is not really indicative except for the fact that it all be in the same appendix.
What you want is the real file, the Excel file or the Word file and then you check it out.
If it's there, if it's like one file, perfect.
So that's the point is the IRTM is got to be handed out to someone just like the IRC
has to be handed out to someone.
So it's got to be in a file.
Say again?
It could be there.
It could be there.
It's possible.
I think some of the companies, some of the companies not just in your group but in other
lab groups, they actually put the SRS also into the repro with the analyzing report.
Did any of you do that?
Say again?
Say that again.
I'm sorry.
Oh, okay.
Really?
Oh, okay.
Okay.
Okay.
That's a bit of a weird one.
Okay.
I mean you need access.
So whatever platform they're using, just ask for the access.
You know, just ask them to make it public for you.
Okay.
So that brings us back to talking to the customer.
So this is still part of the part where the customer is totally under control.
Okay.
So we have to talk to them.
So you may wish to also get them to open up some stuff for you and things like that.
If the repo is on a different platform or whatever.
Okay.
So not just asking them questions about can you show me something, you can ask other questions
as well.
Whether you do them all in one go or whether you do them separately, it's up to you.
Maybe you can have it as a chat that's running and then you just record your own chat to
make sure that you've got everything that you had on your checklist done.
Okay.
So that is the IRTM.
Okay.
So it's a separate document.
You check for the separate document.
Okay.
What else?
Change mitigation.
What are you going to check for that?
Yeah.
So these are forward instructions that actually would be executed by the PM.
Okay.
So there's not really a lot you can check about it.
So is there anything you think you want to check about it?
You can already check it.
Yeah.
It's really kind of hard to check.
What you could check for if certain companies have this is you could just check if they
mentioned that they have a template just to see the template.
But again, you're not checking it for goodness.
You're just checking to see that this template actually exists if they say they need it with
respect to that particular thing.
Okay.
So that's pretty well it from analyzing to the end of specifying.
Again, you don't check the SRS for goodness.
You're not really interested.
Just the fact that it has a reference, that it literally has a basis.
So its main basis is from the repository and then models.
So you might want to check if there was any models that were done during specifying.
And if there were, essentially, do you see the source document for them like the JPG
or anything like that?
Just to know that they do have a proper history.
For instance, if they came from the PS, you've already checked their credentials because
you saw that when you did the analyzing, you saw the old one, you saw the revised one.
So now that it's done here in analyzing, you don't need to check it anymore.
But if there's something else, you still need to see the original.
Even if it's the same, the original doesn't need to be changed because it was done during
specifying.
So you just need to see it, that's all.
Maybe change management or mitigation, not that much to do.
But models, just check for originals.
So now we're now to validating.
So basically, the number one key thing here is that the customer does do a few things.
So what do you think are the few things that the customer would do?
Oh, the SRS, of course.
You're validating the SRS, but the process that makes the SRS, we've gone through the
analyzing and the specifying.
So we've got an SRS here.
It's now being validated.
So the customer does a very minor validation.
What do you think that is?
Sign author.
Excellent.
Excellent.
It has to be signed.
Excellent.
There's a few companies that have not done that.
If it's not signed, it's not complete.
So that process was not finished.
You can say right away.
To sign it after validation is meaningless, really.
Okay, so sign off.
Yes, good.
What else?
What else would they do?
What would you do if you've been writing a document and then you wanted to hand it into
me?
What would you normally do?
Yeah, what kind of checks?
Say again?
Yeah, what else?
Oh no, no, that's too much.
Spell checker.
Grammar checker.
Spell checker.
Now editorial checks should be done, like for instance there's a couple of companies,
I don't know whether it's here or not, that when they handed in their SRS they actually
duplicated sections.
So I see a section that says some title in the first part of the document and then I
see another section with the same title but a different number.
So there's these two sections.
Surely the editor should have gone through and checked that.
So you can do a simple thing and that is just to ask them, did they do spell check, did
they do grammar check, did they do editorial check?
And then if they don't know what editorial check is, now you can tell them.
Especially when you're doing a large document, it's always nice if you have someone to just
editorialize, just go through it and just make sure that there's no obvious issues with
it.
Okay?
Now that's enough for them.
So now you want to look at the QC.
How are you going to start?
I think you're going to kick yourself.
You are not at firm, right?
They are not at firm.
You start off with a plan, then a checklist, you do, and then findings.
What are you going to do with them?
Same thing, you're going to check for their plan, you're going to check for their checklist.
And then you're going to check that they did what they did correctly, that they proved
they did all of those steps, and that they saved their findings.
I mean they can't just say, "I got findings," but you can't find out where the findings
are.
They've got to have saved it.
Where do they save it?
Mostly in their report.
So you have to see that it's there.
That's about it, I think, for them, but that's just a fair amount of just being diligent.
Just go through everything.
And go through with a fine-tooth comb, especially since you're both auditors, so you both have
this basic skill, and that you should do it the right way, and you're applying that template,
if you like, to another company that's doing auditing.
They have five people or four people for a plan, so you need to see that this person
is doing this, this person is doing that.
Checklist, they should have an IRC kind of idea.
Screen, they have the SRS, so you've checked that.
Yeah, they have it.
And then did they, according to their task list, check everything off?
Great.
And then finally they've saved their findings in some database or some Excel file or something
like that.
So that's it.
Now, we mentioned a lot of things, right?
So some of you have memorized it, some of you have written it down.
I'd like to make a suggestion to you.
It's okay if you don't want to take it up, but I think it will help you out.
I suggest that you consider yourselves part of a society like IEEE, but you are the society
of QA people for P2.
And you sit down for the next 20 minutes or so, and you come together on a plan, what
QA is going to do, and you come up with a checklist, what QA is going to look at.
If you do that together, it doesn't mean all your reports are going to be the same, because
you're looking at different companies.
So your checklist and your plan will obviously have to kind of like, once the generic aspect
is put down on paper, then you can meld it to your particular company that you're doing,
and your findings will definitely be different.
Definitely.
You'll have different customers as well, so they'll all be different.
And you won't spend so much time on spinning the wheel, where you'll basically all come
out with kind of the same plan anyway, and the same checklist anyway.
But you can share your knowledge here, and you can come up with a pretty good checklist
and a pretty good plan.
So I kind of think that would be the way to go.
That's the way I would want to go.
Okay?
So it's up to you.
I leave that up to you.
Once around the table, are there any more questions that have come up as we're finalizing
this stuff?
So any questions at all?
So would you like to start?
You sure?
No questions?
Okay.
Can I just recommend that some of you, like you look a little bit uncertain.
I'm not sure whether you are happy or you.
If you're uncertain, try this technique, okay?
You just start talking.
It'll be rubbish, it doesn't matter.
Just start talking.
And then sure enough, something will come out, the question will eventually come.
And it's okay if you take 30 seconds and just talk.
So see, see this?
Just to clarify, you just start talking.
So we have QA and QC, so they're both different documents.
So when we sign off, we do all the checklists for QA and QC.
This sign off is different confirm.
Yes, yes.
So if I'm understanding correctly, the flow for this thing, you're doing a check for NSC,
specify and validate it.
That's under QA.
Okay, yes.
Okay, so I'll imagine the document to be something like a QA document that we flag,
the three sections, NSC should what?
Specify the Chinese, validate the Chinese, and the sign off for QA.
Then QC, what is how will it work?
Okay, so basically they should do the same thing, but just different content.
What do you mean by different content?
Well, like the plan will not be to go through the process and all these little things that
we talked about, say you're going to check their chat, you're going to check their document
that exists, and you're going to check the repo and all this.
They won't do that.
They'll just strictly look at the SOS, and I've given them three different types of problems
to try and find, the authorship, the omissions, and then the contradictions.
But you're not looking for any of that.
So their checklists will be different.
Okay, so the authorship is where you, you as an author can't see your own errors.
The omissions is where it becomes obvious after you do some stuff that I've given them hints on
that just like I've given you hints about, you can check different things and declarations.
They won't be doing any declarations.
So for the omissions, you're going to be checking a different way.
You're going to do scenario checking, persona checking, and assumption checking.
And then the final thing is latent contradictions where if you're reading through the document,
sometimes you can read that they've said one thing here, but it's actually contradicted way down here
in another section.
I've actually run across that in several of the SRSs.
So, but you have to see the whole SRS to get a feel for that.
So those are the three things they're going to do as far as kind of family of things.
And then within them, they'll have each of them have a checklist.
So for the QC side, they're just doing more of like the final detail correction within the report itself?
Oh yeah, just within the report, yeah, yeah.
But they may not check, for instance, on the signatures.
It depends on them, but you have to check it because it's part of the process to say that it's gone from draft to complete.
So that is correctness, then ours is more completeness.
Yeah, I guess, but they're still looking for omissions.
So that's kind of completeness too, isn't it?
It's the anti-completeness.
Yours is more workflow, the flow of the work.
So if I said to you flow includes start and end, which I did say, right?
You have to check to make sure the end is actually complete or that it's reached.
So one of them is the sign off, but they won't be looking at the SRS that way.
So that's why I'm saying is that, you know, there's things that may overlap, but they also may not,
because you don't know yet what they're going to actually be looking at.
That's when you do the workflow check of them, then you'll know for sure what they've said,
because you'll see their checklist and you'll know that if you have actually overlapped on some.
Okay, stop for a second.
I didn't say you have to.
I said I recommend it so that you guys don't spend a lot of time just dreaming up stuff.
That, you know, if some of you remembered part of what I've said
and some of you had written down some other parts and just get together and just say,
"Okay, this is what we want to do."
So it wasn't obligatory. It was an option. It was a suggestion.
What about QC? What is doing that?
Ah, now QC. Okay, the question that the QA people asked was, "Should we brief our QC?"
We have a different company to check.
Yes, but you will be checking them on validation.
So what I said to those guys is, "Let's take a vote."
Do you want to -- because if one of you briefs them, you all have to brief them.
You can't have one team having the advantage of being briefed.
So is that something any of you are considering?
And then if you are, let's put it to a vote.
Of course, I won't be voting.
Do you want to consider telling your QC team what they're in for?
Essentially briefing them on plan, checklist, due, findings.
Because that's the first thing you're going to look at.
You aren't considering yes or no?
No.
I'm voting yes.
Ah, no.
No.
Oh, we're tied. Okay.
Yes?
No. Okay. Tied.
Yes.
Yes.
Okay, so it looks like -- are you with us here?
Okay.
Okay, so this one is split.
So I think you really need it to be unanimous.
So just think about it, and if you want to come back and sort of work out why,
to convince other people, I think that's a good idea.
I think generally you all want to do your best, right?
So if one team gets the briefing, you all get the briefing.
That's the point.
And if you don't agree, then no one gets briefed.
Okay, so as long as you follow that rule so that no one gets an undue advantage.
Can I ask about the report itself, right?
Like you said earlier, do we need evidence to support our -- what we say?
For example, like the model stuff, right?
You said you check whether it's still consistent, right?
Do you need to check to show, like, oh, this is the original one,
and this is how it looks right now?
Do we need, like, evidence in the NX?
Yeah. Okay, just let me answer this question.
So I think what you're saying -- I'm not positive --
but I think what you're saying is that when you present something,
that you should have the evidence for that in your report.
Is that what you meant?
Okay, so the answer is yes.
So if you say something in the presentation, it must be there in your report.
If you say that they did not --
I followed the rules.
Yeah, well, let's say they did not revise their models.
Then you say in your thing, we've got a declaration or something that says they did
or something like that or whatever.
So as long as you've got evidence that you checked it
and you came up with a finding, either they did or they didn't,
then that has to be in the report.
As far as your presentation, you should probably keep it short,
maybe two minutes or three minutes at most, just on the findings,
not on your plan, not on your checklist, just on your findings.
And then try to explain to everybody that, you know,
this particular finding is important because it flows, you know,
it's a checkpoint in the flow.
And we found that it was not done or it was done,
but the evidence is a little bit sparse or something like that.
Okay, so four slides, maybe four slides at most.
[inaudible]
Shorter than the QC.
By what?
No, no, probably you'll end up -- I mean, your main document may be shorter.
You might have a few more annexes and that type of thing.
It depends on their checklist.
I mean, one of the teams was talking about --
they went through with me on the individual aspects of each of the three problems
that they have to look for, and that's approximately 24 items,
so maybe 20 items.
But anyway, so if each item takes one minute to talk about,
that's, you know, 20 minutes, right?
So you can't have that, so you've got to shorten what you're going to say.
But in the report, they would have the full details,
so they might have a lot of stuff there.
But who knows what they find.
But where's yours?
I've gone through it with you, and theoretically, if you all agree,
you've made a nice little plan, a nice little checklist,
so you're obviously going to optimize that and make sure that everybody is keen with that,
and then that would be a large portion of your report.
Then the evidence and the findings would be -- maybe it's half and half, something like that.
So I think if you can come together, I think you'll find that your report is actually
pretty reasonably maybe only 10 pages.
And then the rest are annexes or perhaps other things,
but annexes are probably the main thing.
And you just need to reference your annex.
You know, this finding, reference this annex.
Okay?
Would there be an appendix?
Maybe. Maybe if there's detail with respect to your search for the evidence.
Well, you're searching for evidence, right?
It's like you've got a checklist, and it says, "Check for plan."
And, you know, it's not anywhere in the documentation.
So then you have to go to them, you have to have an interview or a focus group,
and at that time they said it may be in a chat, "I don't know."
So you have to sit there and sort of arrange with them to get it, and then you get it,
and it's not quite right, so then you have to go back to them.
It may be a very prolonged type of thing, so maybe you spend, you know, 400 words on it.
You might want to put that in an appendix.
It's difficult to say, but I, if you just ask my opinion,
and my opinion is that I think your reports will be slightly shorter.
But your presentations will definitely be shorter,
because if they've got four people and each person's doing two or three slides,
just like you did for the first report, right?
How many slides did you do approximately on average?
Like ten.
No, no, I mean just you alone.
Around two.
Good?
Two.
Okay, so yeah, so, you know, that meant eight to ten slides roughly, give or take,
whereas yours should only be three or four at most, at most.
If you're only going to talk for two minutes, I would say no more than two slides,
just like what you did for the summary.
Most of you did, you know, quite a reasonable amount of slides.
You know, it was just two usually.
Yeah, so I think that's all I wanted to say.
I mean, I think that if there's no more questions,
that you can now just say if you all want to stay and do your plan
and then check list and distribute it,
someone just be responsible to send it to everybody else.
[inaudible]
Okay, so your reports are separate.
So zip them together, but they're separate.
And along with the two reports, there's going to be two presentations.
Now, for the actual files, they're separate.
But for the presentation, just do what you did on the summary.
So you hook the two of them together in the one PC, okay?
But separate files on the zip thing.
So you've got the zip now with four files.
And then there's also the AI reviews, which I'll probably go through tomorrow.
But basically each of the two, the QC and QA, will do a separate AI review.
So that's six files now.
So just take the six files and just zip it together and just put that on the folder, the drop box folder.
Does that answer your question, Mr. Okay?
Any other questions?
Does all of the presentation have QC and QA?
Yes, it does. It's always QC first, QA second.
This is where the fun comes in.
So just, it's okay.
It's okay to point out things that were lacking.
But it's not okay to tell them how to fix it.
So nowhere in your report do you ever talk about fixing anything.
You just say what you saw.
And similar to them, they should be just saying what they saw.
In real life, the QA probably takes years to fix.
So QA will happen and then maybe two years later the company will decide upon a fix.
With QC, the company can decide very quickly.
So it's possible that QC on the SRS could be fixed within one week.
Maybe less, but generally one week.
And then it's released after that week.
Okay, so for QA, it would never get solved right away anyway.
And you aren't equipped to really give a solution.
Did I tell you the story about IBM?
Some of them, I told you it was wrong.
Eventually they pointed to the hard drive.
So they began a QA on the hard drive.
And they checked everything.
They checked the raw materials, they checked the incoming designs,
and then they checked the code and the other things, the manufacture techniques,
and then they checked the distributions, the tests and everything.
They couldn't find the error at all.
So the QA said, "We can't tell you why."
So what did they do?
What did IBM do?
They sold it.
They sold their factory.
There's no way to really fix it because the QA didn't really come up with anything.
And that can happen.
So that just reinforces the idea that the QA is not really solvable right away anyway.
So you would never come up with a, you would never try and suggest a solution.
The company has to decide how they're going to solve a QA problem.
Because it's part of their business process.
Okay? So I'll leave you to it then.
If you want to get together, I think you should.
